We're just going to talk about engines very quickly. We know JavaScript was initially created to make
web pages alive, to add awesome dynamic elements to a web page.
As we continue with these sections and lectures, we're going to be getting deeper and deeper into JavaScript.
We're going to be understanding more of what it does and how it works.
So when we write JavaScript, we typically write what are called "programs".
Think about programs as a paragraph.
In JavaScript, we write a script and these scripts can be written in the HTML directly. And scripts
are just plain text, nothing scary.
We've already seen some of it, how it was written.
But the thing with these scripts is that these scripts can only run directly on the browser.
(explosion sound)
And this, my friends, means that there's some program written on the browser, an engine that's running
that JavaScript code. And this is what I quickly
wanna lay out for you in simple layman's terms.